## Question 1
### In this assignment, we used your user input to construct a small website composed of flipping cards. Can you think of a more interesting use for this basic layout? The use you describe should serve some pedagogical or research-oriented purpose for historians or humanists.

It would be interesting to see the information displayed in a timeline format, which you would be able to scroll over in an interactive way. For example "name" could be at the beginning of the timeline on the date you were born, and when you scroll over the date there could be a popup that includes a baby image. Nickname could be 5 years later (or whenever that nickname came to be), first day of school could be 7 years later, etc. This way, people that come across  your profile can see the evolution of you, and your information in a more visual way. This type of data visualization would be illustrated similar to a story, where the character evolves. 

## Question 2
### This assignment asks you all to perform a certian amount of work (describing yourselves) in order to improve a project (the course roster website). What responsibilities does the "researcher" (in this case, your teacher) have to the participants (you)? What rights do or should the participants have to the end product? 

The researcher should have the responsibility to ensure that all participants know what is expected of them. I believe that this should not only include aid in setting up the various tools, but also an outline with examples of what should be done to attain full marks. The researcher should also be available to answer any questions that the researcher is unclear on. Perhaps in this case, where researcher to participant ratio is quite high, the researcher could set up a forum with frequently asked questions. Since the assignemnt is graded on participants setting up a profile that includes personal data, the participants should have full rights to view their end product. For this assignment I believe that the participant should be able to edit their information as they see fit. However, participants should not have the right to view another persons profile unless specifically stated in a privacy setting (i.e., the true, false script)
## Question 3
### Information in each student record was provided as a series of "fields", that is, discrete units of information separated from each other. In the use you describe above, what fields would you need to provide for each record? Can you think of any limitations or obstacles that the use of this kind of data structure imposes on your project?

In order to have a more detailed timeline, there would need to be more fields. Additional fields could be: date started university, year of choosing major, expected graduation date, favourite show, etc.  One limitation is that the timeline would be focused on dates. This may bring on obstables if the participants are not able to remember the specific date of an event. For example, in the year of 2019 my favourite show was The Office- but it's difficult for me to say even the exact month that I started really enjoying the show. Another limitation would be on the researcher for actually creating this kind of data structure. To create an interactive timeline such as this, it would most likely take advanced coding skills or using a third party tool/website. Using a third party tool may bring on privacy problems, whereas the researcher would have to ensure that any data submitted is not being sold to vendors. 
